content/act/01.md, before:

## Acts 1 Translation Questions ##

Q? Which two books of the New Testament did Luke write?

A. Luke wrote the Gospel of Luke and the Acts of the Apostles. [1:1]

Q? What did Jesus do for forty days after his suffering?

A. Jesus appeared alive to his apostles, saying things about the kingdom of God. [1:3]

Q? For what did Jesus command his apostles to wait?

A. Jesus told his apostles to wait for the promise of the Father. [1:4]

Q? With what would the apostles be baptized in a few days?

A. The apostles would be baptized with the Holy Spirit. [1:5]

Q? When the apostles wanted to know the timing of the restoration of the kingdom, how did Jesus answer them?

A. Jesus told them that it was not for them to know the time. [1:7]

Q? What did Jesus tell the apostles they would receive from the Holy Spirit?

A. Jesus said the apostles would receive power. [1:8]

Q? Where did Jesus say the apostles would be his witnesses?

A. Jesus said the apostles would be witnesses in Judea, Samaria, and to the ends of the earth. [1:8]

Q? How did Jesus depart from his apostles?

A. Jesus was raised up and a cloud hid him from their eyes. [1:9]

Q? How did the angels say that Jesus would return again to the earth?

A. The angels said that Jesus would return in the same say he went into heaven. [1:11]

Q? What were the apostles, the women, Mary, and Jesus' brothers doing in the upper chamber?

A. They were diligently praying. [1:14]

Q? What had been fulfilled in the life of Judas, who betrayed Jesus?

A. The scripture had been fulfilled by Judas. [1:16]

Q? What happened to Judas after he received the money for betraying Jesus?

A. Judas bought a field, fell head first, his body burst wide open, and all his bowels poured out. [1:18]

Q? In the book of Psalms, what did it say should happen with Judas' position of leadership?

A. The Psalms said that Judas' position of leadership should be fulfilled by someone else. [1:20]

Q? What were the requirements for the man who would take Judas' position of leadership?

A. The man taking the position must have accompanied the apostles from the time of the baptism of John, and must have witnessed the resurrection of Jesus. [1:21-22]

Q? How did the apostles determine which of the two candidates should take Judas' position?

A. The apostles prayed that God reveal His choice, and then they cast lots. [1:24-26]

Q? Who was then numbered with the eleven apostles?

A. Matthias was then numbered with the eleven apostles. [1:26]

__[[home|Back to Acts Chapter List]]__

Commit message:

Acts 1:1
Removed question about Luke writing the Gospel of Luke.

content/act/01.md, after:

## Acts 1 Translation Questions ##

Q? To whom did Luke address this book?

A. Luke addressed this book to Theophilus. [1:1]

Q? What did Jesus do for forty days after his suffering?

A. Jesus appeared alive to his apostles, saying things about the kingdom of God. [1:3]

Q? For what did Jesus command his apostles to wait?

A. Jesus told his apostles to wait for the promise of the Father. [1:4]

Q? With what would the apostles be baptized in a few days?

A. The apostles would be baptized with the Holy Spirit. [1:5]

Q? When the apostles wanted to know the timing of the restoration of the kingdom, how did Jesus answer them?

A. Jesus told them that it was not for them to know the time. [1:7]

Q? What did Jesus tell the apostles they would receive from the Holy Spirit?

A. Jesus said the apostles would receive power. [1:8]

Q? Where did Jesus say the apostles would be his witnesses?

A. Jesus said the apostles would be witnesses in Judea, Samaria, and to the ends of the earth. [1:8]

Q? How did Jesus depart from his apostles?

A. Jesus was raised up and a cloud hid him from their eyes. [1:9]

Q? How did the angels say that Jesus would return again to the earth?

A. The angels said that Jesus would return in the same say he went into heaven. [1:11]

Q? What were the apostles, the women, Mary, and Jesus' brothers doing in the upper chamber?

A. They were diligently praying. [1:14]

Q? What had been fulfilled in the life of Judas, who betrayed Jesus?

A. The scripture had been fulfilled by Judas. [1:16]

Q? What happened to Judas after he received the money for betraying Jesus?

A. Judas bought a field, fell head first, his body burst wide open, and all his bowels poured out. [1:18]

Q? In the book of Psalms, what did it say should happen with Judas' position of leadership?

A. The Psalms said that Judas' position of leadership should be fulfilled by someone else. [1:20]

Q? What were the requirements for the man who would take Judas' position of leadership?

A. The man taking the position must have accompanied the apostles from the time of the baptism of John, and must have witnessed the resurrection of Jesus. [1:21-22]

Q? How did the apostles determine which of the two candidates should take Judas' position?

A. The apostles prayed that God reveal His choice, and then they cast lots. [1:24-26]

Q? Who was then numbered with the eleven apostles?

A. Matthias was then numbered with the eleven apostles. [1:26]

__[[home|Back to Acts Chapter List]]__
